Performance issues don't just go away after you migrate your applications to the cloud.
Especially if you employ the Lift and Shift Model of Cloud Migration, or Implementation.
You will find that most of the time your performance
issues are related to your application, or service.
Resolving the issues would require
a code redesign for the application to be cloud native,
or at the very least to be compatible with
modern cloud services which are designed for Performance Optimization.
But what if it isn't your code?
What if it's your cloud configuration,
the one that you came up with?
In this lesson, we will explore ways to utilize AWS services to optimize performance.
When your metrics indicate adjustments are necessary.
Because performance, and cloud resources are so closely related to cost,
and resource allocation, monitoring,
and managing cloud performance is a high priority for cloud architects.
We are going to uncover how best to architect for performance from the start,
as well as how to detect,
and improve performance degradation,
and compute storage, and the network.
AWS, offers a variety of internal services that help customers by monitoring performance,
and analyzing performance trends to offer insight as to how to improve performance,
saving time, and money.
Specifically, we'll talk about scaling, storage,
archive, database, message queues, and networking.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6